# CS-250-Software-development-cycle
This is the product of 8 weeks of studying how the software development cycle is completed, including all the various stages of the Agile Scrum method and the Waterfall method. Throughout this course i hvae learned many things about how to work on a develoment team. Some important questins my professor says that will continue to pop up are:
1. How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
   The way that i interpret user needs is like the answer says with user stories. user stories help by simplifying what is needed into a small phrase that consists of "As a user i want to be able to..." then follow by a why " So that i ...". This helps for many reasons n the developer side it is simplifing what is needed and what to program and it also creates a user story that can be graded in importance and documented with requirements for it to be completed by the testers.
3. How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
   I approach developing a program right now by figuring out what it shuld do and then i find out how to make it do that and then i fix any bugs that may pop up, but in the future, now thanks to this course, I will impliment a more agie mindset. If i am working with a group i will kee a good line of communication open as in being ready to help and not being afraid to ask for help. To start with a project i wil first ask questions and understand what is clearly needed and then plan out what development method is needed. then we will break down tasks as a team using what ever method is needed.
5. What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
   Well i wouldnt say that being a good team member is all about being the best and a good asset to the team, but that is a good start. Put simply if you have a high proficency in programming as well have good time management skills with a strong since of responsibility, you would be a fabulous team member. But thats not all to it. a good team member should also be able to communicate with your other members. You should be a positive and helpful person willing to hel those who are in a bind and call out others for their success. When needed you should also give concise and critical feedback while not creating any personal attack on the team member. but if you arnt all that proficent in tech and are falling behind to be a good team member you should get to work and learn what you need to know and ask those with the knowledge to help you. After all they were once in your shoes so they will be happy to help.
   

